Add clarification to `acme_ca` about `.local` TLDs (#317)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/options.md

##### `acme_ca`
Specifies the URL to the ACME CA's directory. It is strongly recommended to set this to Let's Encrypt's [staging endpoint](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/staging-environment/) for testing or development. Default: ZeroSSL and Let's Encrypt's production endpoints.

> Note that the [hostname requirements](/docs/automatic-https#hostname-requirements) apply, and ACME CA directory will not be used for IP addresses, `localhost` and hostnames with a `.local` TLD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that a globally-configured ACME CA may not apply to all sites; see the [hostname requirements](/docs/automatic-https#hostname-requirements) for using the default ACME issuer(s).
```

What about something like this? The sentence can remain but we link to the relevant docs instead of duplicating them.

Author: Yeah I’m good with anything, it’s your project ^^
